Switch to Jazzy and drop Iron support (#51)
CWRUbotix/rov-25: src/surface/rov_flir/README.md

## Setup

Add the following line to `.bashrc`

```bash
SPINNAKER_GENTL64_CTI=/opt/ros/${ROS_DISTRO}/lib/spinnaker-gentl/Spinnaker_GenTL.cti
```

> Run the setup file from spinnaker_camera_driver cannot be in VSCode for some reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following spinnaker_camera_driver setup from a regular terminal. Don't run it in the VSCode terminal (it doesn't work there for some reason).
```
